hi welcome to technology can you believe
that it's almost time for Halloween so
this week's theme of course is Halloween
we have plenty of lesson plans
worksheets and resources to make this
week at so much fun for members though
we have a halloween workbook and 30
pages of excellent activities that you
will thoroughly enjoy to do with your
students we also have a howl Halloween
spiral vocabulary worksheet which you
can use making the spiral vocabulary
worksheet maker what a mouthful anyways
become a member makes teaching simple
this week's tip is Halloween in your
classroom this is great for any grade
level the first tip is Reese scary
stories students log to listen to
different types of scary stories number
to tell Halloween jokes I have a morning
one what do birds sing on Halloween
twick or tweat told you this morning
number three include pumpkins bets and
scarecrows in all your lessons whether
it's making them a writing stories about
them are creating a mobile number four
do a candy estimation activity I along
using candy corn you can do this any to
form candy for graphing and estimation
for the students number five create a
fictional cemetery to study history I
love this tip you can use famous authors
or people that you're studying in
history and create their tombstones what
might have been said and when they die
number six create a mystery you can
plant clues around the schools or in
your classroom to discover something
that you want them to solve number 7
everything is better with candy
incorporating all your lessons that week
maybe not too much
number eight go over the safety tips for
Halloween well they're trick-or-treating
or they're out playing with a friends at
night number nine can be sorting it's a
great way to teach organization number
ten develop a spooky story with the
class have each student write a sentence
or or the add a sentence to the story to
develop a really spooky story that they
can share thank you for visiting
teaching ology and have fun on Halloween